What did you say? He literally said no (***)
Hahaha....
Your next in line, sir.
Really? What did you write?
Wait, what did she write? Yeah
Yes!
Yeah.Yeah.
Mmmhmmm..
I said like, yeah.
Thank you for being specific.
Haahaa.. Shut up..
She was not a feminist.
She's racist also.
I'm ready
Yeah. You- you did it here.
I'm not gonna say it again. I'm not gonna say it again.
i'm not gonna say. yeah
You're a bad listener. That's the issue here.
Yeah it does.
Moving on, guys.
You guys ever read like, what's his name, Roald Dahl?
Roal Dahl?
I like the witches, the witches were so good.
oh
Well, I thought the feet that the.
sorry the fact that they have like rectangular feet that one scared me
Haahaahaa..
(***)
Imagine how weird that is.
imagine a tissue box but flatter, that's the kind of beat they had
Yeah, I was like that's so weird, but I like the book
Can I read any of his other books?
I like the (***)
I like chocolate.
All other the kids (***)
Like Charlie was so cool.
No, but he was like family oriented. It was like cute.
Me?
It's like adorably cute.
Yeah
Oh ..wait,that's interesting
That's sad though
I don't remember though. Matilda. Matilda.
I really like that one.
Haahaahaa..
Yeah
I know. That's like the first movie you've liked.  That's the first movie you've liked.
which one?
Wait, which, which?
Which sister? Yeah.
you can only say one
Okay, this is his justification
oh that's that's that's what i feel with (***)
but it's different that's different